# General Overview
Salon software that is made to mock a real-life salon software with unqiue features made for hairstylists and salon owners by people who know the field themselves. The program was created for the Hairstyling and Aesthetics course business project where it was a client project that mocked a web devlopment company. The user can access the software as the owner or employee to view different needs of the software. Depending on the employee or admin menu, the user can view and add clients to the schedule, add notes, access marketing options, organize and buy stock/supplies, etc. The program uses file I/O so all information inputted will be saved and backed up.
## User Guide
To run the program, a jar file should be created in a CLI. The main file is main.java. Once the program is running, the user will have the choice to access the program as an employee or admin. Each access level has it's own interface and restrictions that are relevant for the users needs. From there, the program will display a menu with options that the user can access and use.
## Improvements
I would like to make this full stack and have a front end. I would also like to make another model that is used for freelancers so that there is no need for two access levels, as well as some business oriented functions such as POS, sales analystics, and more. I would also like to make this program more user friendly assuming that this is designed for a client, at some point, I will create a project that is similar in terms of the industry focus, but I would like to make it more personalized.
